README.md, before:

# Vim + LaTeX snippets setup

These snippets are based on Gilles Castel's blog,
*[How I'm able to take notes in mathematics lectures using LaTeX and Vim](https://castel.dev/post/lecture-notes-1/)*

## Vim configuration

Copy `tex.snippets` to `~/.vim/UltiSnips/` or install as a plugin.

```bash
# Replace /python/opt if you prefer another `:he 'packpath'` or
# /start instead of /opt for `:he packages`.
packpath=~/.vim/pack/python/opt
mkdir -p "$packpath"
cd "$packpath"

git clone https://github.com/jfishe/latex-snippets.git

packadd latex-snippets
```

Assuming you're using
[Vim Plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug),
add the following to your `.vimrc`:

```vim
Plug 'sirver/ultisnips'
    let g:UltiSnipsExpandTrigger = '<tab>'
    let g:UltiSnipsJumpForwardTrigger = '<tab>'
    let g:UltiSnipsJumpBackwardTrigger = '<s-tab>'

Plug 'lervag/vimtex'
    let g:tex_flavor='latex'
    let g:vimtex_view_method='zathura'
    let g:vimtex_quickfix_mode=0

Plug 'KeitaNakamura/tex-conceal.vim'
    set conceallevel=1
    let g:tex_conceal='abdmg'
    hi Conceal ctermbg=none

Plug 'jfishe/latex-snippets'

setlocal spell
set spelllang=en_us
inoremap <C-l> <c-g>u<Esc>[s1z=`]a<c-g>u
```

Something not working as expected? Feel free to open an issue!

Commit message:

feat(pandoc): share TeX math snippets with Pandoc

README.md, after:

# Vim + LaTeX snippets setup

These snippets are based on Gilles Castel's blog,
*[How I'm able to take notes in mathematics lectures using LaTeX and Vim](https://castel.dev/post/lecture-notes-1/)*

Something not working as expected? Feel free to open an issue!

## Vim configuration

Copy `tex.snippets` to `~/.vim/UltiSnips/` or install as a plugin.

```bash
# Replace /python/opt if you prefer another `:he 'packpath'` or
# /start instead of /opt for `:he packages`.
packpath=~/.vim/pack/python/opt
mkdir -p "$packpath"
cd "$packpath"

git clone https://github.com/jfishe/latex-snippets.git

packadd latex-snippets
```

Assuming you're using
[Vim Plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug),
add the following to your `.vimrc`:

```vim
Plug 'sirver/ultisnips'
    let g:UltiSnipsExpandTrigger = '<tab>'
    let g:UltiSnipsJumpForwardTrigger = '<tab>'
    let g:UltiSnipsJumpBackwardTrigger = '<s-tab>'

Plug 'lervag/vimtex'
    let g:tex_flavor='latex'
    let g:vimtex_view_method='zathura'
    let g:vimtex_quickfix_mode=0

Plug 'KeitaNakamura/tex-conceal.vim'
    set conceallevel=1
    let g:tex_conceal='abdmg'
    hi Conceal ctermbg=none

Plug 'jfishe/latex-snippets'

setlocal spell
set spelllang=en_us
inoremap <C-l> <c-g>u<Esc>[s1z=`]a<c-g>u
```

## Markdown Snippets

Inline and display math snippets are available in Markdown, with Pandoc syntax,
`set filetype=pandoc`, available in recent versions of Vim.
Otherwise refer to
[vim-pandoc-syntax](http://www.github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax)
for installation instructions.
